Fix links in some pages (2) (#34378)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/participate/roles-and-responsibilities.md

- Suggest improvements on [Slack](https://slack.k8s.io/) or the
  [SIG docs mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-docs).

> After [signing the CLA](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/CLA.md), anyone can also:

Reviewer: I think the `git.k8s.io` short link would be better.

```suggestion
After [signing the CLA](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md), anyone can also:
```

Author: Short links are good for someone, but they may not **work** for everyone.
